hi I'm Nia and I welcome you all to the
Laguna's kitchen today I am going to be
making some mussels crispy hot samosas
the famous Mumbai roadside snacks people
have it as it is or usually it is salt
sandwich between Lodi pounds for this
recipe we need plain flour salt ghee
carom seeds boiled potatoes boil green
peas whole coriander seeds cumin seeds
asafoetida garam masala dry mango powder
ginger green chilli paste coriander and
oil so now we begin making the recipe
this recipe is divided into two parts
the dough and the stuffing so first we
will make the dough for this we need
plain flour a little melted ghee carom
seeds and of course salt
mix this well
and we need into a stiff dough remember
this it has to be a very stiff dough
using a little water
samosas are usually enjoyed hot and
crispy now if you really want very
crispy samosas you can add a TSP of corn
flour to the dough this will really make
the outer covering crisp
so our dough is ready and as you all
know all the doors require a little
resting period we are going to cover it
and keep aside for 15 minutes at least
until then we'll make the stuffing so
for the stuffing we need oil
let it heat a bit
then we will start tempering a little
cumin seeds
and as they crackle a little asafoetida
and then the spice ginger green chilli
paste saute it for a while
and then add potatoes
boil Greenpeace
mix it well
smash them a little lightly using your
spoon and allow them to cook for two to
three minutes
ensure that when you boil and chop the
potatoes they are not cut into very big
cubes and when you mash them like this
while cooking they get uniformly mixed
so now we lack the masalas garam masala
dry mango powder
a little hole coriander seeds you can
crush them as well and of course salt
again mix them
let the masalas also cook for two
minutes and then we learn the common
Indian her coriander
mix this again
so here's our stuffing ready a little
variation to this made in some
households is also using milk paste what
you can do is get a little mint leaves
and combine them with green chilies a
little lemon juice a little salt and
blend it in a mixer and add that paste
to this stuffing and here I have used
garam masala in that you can replace
garam masala with pav bhaji masala this
is just a variation if you wish you can
also make the stuffing using mint paste
so our stuffing is ready our dough has
been rested well now we'll make the
samosas and before you begin rolling
ensure that you keep the oil for
deep-frying to heat and then take the
dough and knead it once divide this into
two equal portions and we roll out one
portion into an oval shape now I am
going to roll it into an oval shape but
if you are not comfortable you can also
roll it into a round
also remember one more thing when making
this outer covering for the samosas a
common mistake most people make is they
roll this very thinly now this will
break when you deep-fry them so please
ensure that you do not roll it very
thinly now we will cut it into two
pick one portion hold it like this on
your pan and now we start rolling it
from one end to the other end to form a
cone
this is how we form a coal press the
edge a bit so that the stuffing is well
sealed inside now here's your corn
ready
take a little stuffing and stuff it well
press it a bit and using a little water
seal these edges
press a little from this edge as well
and here's our samosa
ready let's do one more
first we make it into a cone
take the stuffing
press it a bit I seal it
yeah as samosas are ready to be
deep-fried
and our oil is also ready for deep fry
so let's deep fry them
ensure you cook them on a very medium
flame or else the covering from outside
will ground but from inside it will yet
be uncooked also remember to use enough
oil for deep-frying cook them to layer
golden brown from both the sides and if
you have a party at home you can keep
these samosas half cooked and then
deep-fry when your guests come rather
than keeping them just uncooked so our
samosas are getting ready now hmm
crispy hot samosas are ready drain them
on a tissue paper and now they are ready
to be served try them and let us know
about this recipe
up coke very simple recipe Cassie lucky
acaba chili to like it or up go by
reduce lead a sepia chili stop in a
clicky t-ara ha
after suggestions or comments the robots
are changing